#the-cataclysm #post-cataclysm 

# **Random thoughts**

However, what I want there to be is like DND has its exhaustion condition. We're like you know if you get exhausted then you have certain detriments and blah blah blah blah blah I really want you to have like a special condition that like the more time you spend specifically in [[The Wastes]], the place outside of the cities where the horses live that kind of stuff in the wastes that the more time you're out there whether there be days whether it be hours, I haven't decided yet. Probably like longer. I don't I don't know. But every day you gain a point of something some some condition and I think I want to be like not where you get to roll to like try to see if you know eat the roll and don't get to get the condition. Just like if you were out there for a certain amount of time, you all get a point of yada yada yada maybe there be a way to like if you maybe you know if you go somewhere specific or you spend a certain amount of time or in a certain amount of time without something then you could gain too and then that could be a role like OK you rolled a 15 you don't gain two but you still gain one no matter what but if you go somewhere in or get you in just something or breathe something or whatever. Then you might pick up two or three points like boom like like that and I want this to be not like exhaustion just like this van on this movements have this happens if you get sick, your dead basically I don't want to be like an instant death thing I want it to be kind of like the wastes kind of taking control and like seeping into you and the way we talked about the magic is that It's obviously a low magic world, but that doesn't mean the world doesn't have magic, it has a lot of latent magic that is not able to be like controlled except for by some of the monsters or horrors that live in the wastes they like naturally just innately because of their biology and what not they can just they can tap into the magic cause it forms and it makes them up and I'm taking it like a more time you spend a waste of more like the way you become, and then to get rid of it you have to like maybe maybe cool I can create like special potions or something like that. Some kind of concoction obviously wouldn't be like a potion like a medical potion but like a concoction like that. An herbalist or an alchemist is made and this could possibly lessen the result of it or bring it down one point or two points just like that and then if you're outside of the wastes, if you take it and I can fill it with surely start It should go away, so if you have four points of whatever it is, you take you take one of these potions whenever you get to the city or you know the city just has a special magic things for you enter it I don't know, but whatever anyway The thing that I want this condition to do is to be detrimental yes because you're becoming more like the wastes and what not but also give it some sort of a boon. I think it would be really cool officially because it is a low magic world.